hello what's your name roberta hi germano
eng 40 36 that is used to me
technical designers I am a photographer
how was your passion for la
old photograph
my mother had this passion of mine
father idem
the first machine eight years born the
first time I saw a appear
face in the bottom of a basin what it is
because today photography
photography is a method to express myself
to leave memory to leave
track to have something in
future years to watch and remember it the
my life what you feel when you photograph
adrenaline emotions that you generate
photographic tracking let's say a little
all
mainly landscape portrait
architecture very much life everything
photographers with a purpose is a purpose
very specific or you let yourself be carried away by
very drag moment from the black that
threatens to drag from the moment
canons of any canonical agreement that morning
ai is a siege of 700 and optics ai
doubts do not say how much it turns off
photographic equipment
too much more than he earns
prefers natural lighting or
even if lately, catch them
the artificial does not mind ficiale
which makes for the flow management of
useful work for lightroom prefects yes
or not better not but use photos
associate to which level
I started after many three words
to describe integrated into useful
funny quick instagram hdr
typological 13 words to describe
what photography is emotion for you
33 passion memories are not enough
how much time do you dedicate to photography?
thin after a while I wake up in the morning
the first thing I think of is the last one
What I think about when I go to sleep
what differentiates a mature from a
professional time you never took in
consideration of doing it at the level
professional
yes, but many advised me against my mother
photographers fi exactly what he
in mind I try but not always there
I can
no periodically increase yours
knowledge through courses and workshops yes
filter yes unfortunately I don't have much time
I would like a double day 1 to work
one to increase my knowledge e
happy with your choices in the field
photographic
yes no I'm never happy and who is
satisfied enters stalemate as
photographer prefers are if the bike at
daido moriyama moment the last show
that of a new memory of francesca ai
more
you participated in some positions no
I have never been answered if you consider yourself
an artist if not where you publish
pictures on my website a lot
crystal material and facebook at the moment
I'm too busy working for
search for places to publish to in
dense is yes but file sharing function
with my friends that I have scattered throughout
the world you have a blog
no you do too many sites and too many blogs
no music is back baby what not
would do the could do it all maybe
I would be a little more bad I am
vegetarian mario monti
mountain both before the sea
it starts again as you see yourself in five
years but I ca n't see myself as missing
will be tomorrow or in a week a lot of le
questions of Italian this is yours
machine to me the skin
the aic